hello and welcome on this is any end of
UV and just the thing before we start
the video I am NOT a hater by any means
I have all due respect for sky and let's
get into this okay I'm just some people
wonder why I don't like calling gold
butter because first off it doesn't look
like it I mean if you see if you type in
Google butter it's gonna have something
that looks quite a bit different and if
you see yellow butter that's margarine
or some type of processed some type of
processed butter and I just don't see
the point in calling gold butter it was
funny at first it gets really annoying
when are we gonna start screen butter
butter butter
I mean that just gets really annoying
and I respect sky by every means and he
makes good videos a lot of people think
he's funny I don't know I just not a
huge fan of his videos but he works
really hard on them because they've seen
a few and yeah I'm like sorry if you
have a different opinion because
honestly I don't care in a picture
really like butter will be up on the
screen and three two one as you see it
does not look like it at all and that's
one of the many reasons it annoys me and
I mean sorry if you feel differently
it's my opinion I'm entitled to it and
yeah I'm just like this is goodbye but
just look at the pictures see how
different they are try and call it
butter again
and not feeling completely idiotic okay
so now that you most likely feel idiotic
it's just oh no I really do not like
calling it butter because it annoys me
because everyone screaming butter butter
butter when they would have named it
butter if they wanted to but it's kind
of cold for a reason
goodbye all